it's the time of year when New York's
Fifth Avenue is normally bustling with
Christmas
[Applause]
shoppers but for many here the war and
the ever increasing death toll in Gaza
is front of mind more than two months of
Israeli air strikes and a ground
operation have killed over
20,200 people most of them women and
children the UN says people in Gaza also
face starvation disease and an un
certain
[Applause]
future research shows those issues are
strongly influencing how Americans feel
about the war and the Biden
administration's ongoing support for
Israel it's not just Americans
questioning this relationship stop stop
the genocide stop stop the genocide the
armed conflict location and event data
project has found almost 90% of
protesters globally stand in solidarity
with
Palestinians I'm at the demonstration
because I can no longer bear what is
happening in Palestine this is the
murder of a people this is
genocide analysts say the governments of
Australia Canada and New Zealand are
bending to public pressure and Europe is
also starting to but they say Washington
is key to any change to the course of
the war Israel's immunity to political
pressure is a function of its uh support
from the United States the Biden
Administration uh continues to support
Israel there has been some veiled
criticism uh of Israel's actions in Gaza
by the administration but it's still
finances uh Israel multi-billion dollar
uh package support package to Israel
plus
Munitions Israeli sentiment could also
influence the war plan Israel can
weather the storm internationally but I
think also there are those domestic
protests against netanyahu's government
that may uh Place increased pressure on
the go on his government to actually do
something positive towards uh getting a
ceasefire with
Hamas it appears unlikely that will
happen soon with the Israeli Prime
Minister vowing to continue fighting
until Hamas is no more Christina harism
al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
Channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer click on the not